But they really should be spending more on social services to give the boost in demand.
And also, Chinese companies are really competitive.
And it has very little to do with subsidies.
If you look at majority of manufacturing, 90% of manufacturing companies,
there is no over investment.
Actually, it is responding to market forces.
The 10% is some of the new sectors.
But in general, that's going to cause tension.
The fact that China absolutely dominates so much in manufacturing is going to be a problem for other developing countries.
And I think there will be a backlash until they structure that, they redress that imbalance.
And how to do that?
Well, I mean, the easiest way is still coming back to domestic demand.
But maybe they need to have some voluntary restraints on exports as well.
That's a very interesting point you are mentioning.
Because we also noticed that China seems to be trying to address the issue with both the demand side and supply side.